Track five. I don't think I'd picked up anything heavier than a hairbrush.
Not far from here is the nursery. I had a spell in there for a bit after the fire. Not as punishment, you know.
We just had to try our hand at everything before the training ended.
I guess eventually that will all be planted up too, so there'll probably be no sign of it one day.
Goodness knows how many trenches I must have dug for the saplings.
The forestry girls then brought them onto the mountainside to plant.
Violet was just cursing me about having to plant several hundred more acres to replace the trees lost in the fire.
At least it keeps you in a job, I told her.
All the time you lumberjills are here, she replied.
It seems funny to think that these little trees will be towering above us in 60, 70 years, all ready to be harvested.
So long as there are no fires, that is.
We've done a bit of felling too, you know.
Before I came here, I don't think I'd picked up anything heavier than a hairbrush.
And there we were, swinging a seven pound axe.
It was only small stuff, but the men were impressed.
I remember waking up that next day, I could barely move.
It must have been a Saturday, a half day, because there was a concert later that night in Machynlleth.
Mind you, it didn't stop us dancing.
We rode our bicycles, you know.
There was a full moon and the trees were casting all these eerie shadows.
The sound of animals, well, I think they were animals, screeching and scurrying in the woods too.
Even with aching muscles, we found the strength to ride home at breakneck speed.
Speaking of which, we should probably get a move on.